Update application guide for Teleport Cloud and Domain option (#13139)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/application-access/guides/connecting-apps.mdx

description: How to configure Teleport for Application Access.
---

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to add an introductory sentence here. For now, this could be something like:

```suggestion
In this guide, we will show you how to register a web application with your 
Teleport cluster in order to access it securely.
```

> ## Prequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

(!docs/pages/includes/edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx!)

(!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

- A host where you will run the Teleport Application Service.

<Admonition type="tip" title="Not yet a Teleport user?">

> If you have not yet deployed the Auth Service and Proxy Service, you should follow one of our [getting started guides](../getting-started.mdx) or try our Teleport Application Access [interactive learning track](https://play.instruqt.com/teleport/invite/rgvuva4gzkon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have not yet tried Teleport, we recommend that you begin our Teleport Application Access [interactive learning track](https://play.instruqt.com/teleport/invite/rgvuva4gzkon).
```
The `edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx` partial includes links to Getting Started guides, so I think we can cut this to just the link to the learning track.

    --app-uri=http://localhost:3000
```

> ### TLS Management

Reviewer: If we have already included the `edition-prereqs-tabs.mdx` partial, I think we can delete this section, since the expectation is that the user already has a running Auth/Proxy service. 

Instead, we could add an `Admonition` for self-hosted Teleport users to make sure they have configured Teleport to use a certificate issue for a wildcard subdomain or application-specific sudomains. This could go in the "Application name" section.

Author: @ptgott this has been modified. Please review

    --app-uri=http://localhost:3000
```

> <Admonition type="tip" title="Not yet a Teleport user?">

Reviewer: This `Admonition` is a repeat of the one several paragraphs above.

After Teleport is running, users can access the app at `app-name.proxy_public_addr.com`
e.g. `grafana.teleport.example.com`. You can also override `public_addr` e.g
`grafana.acme.com` if you configure the appropriate DNS entry to point to the
Teleport proxy server for self-hosted Teleport instances.

> <Admonition type="tip" title="Application URI Domains and TLS for Self-Hosted" scope="oss,enterprise" scopeOnly>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="tip" title="Application Domain Names and TLS" scope="oss,enterprise" scopeOnly>
```
We won't need "for Self-Hosted" in the title if the admonition displays only for users of self-hosted editions.

> Subdomains (*.teleport.example.com) and any other FQDN used as application URIs should have their entries

Reviewer: We can use [this partial](https://github.com/gravitational/teleport/blob/9b843bad0c29c1b26587c2a3a1245d935e66633e/docs/pages/includes/dns-app-access.mdx) instead of this opening paragraph.

Also, we shouldn't need to mention Teleport Cloud if this text only appears for self-hosted users.

Finally, I think we need some kind of transition sentence to introduce the configuration snippet below.

Author: @ptgott addressed

After Teleport is running, users can access the app at `app-name.proxy_public_addr.com`
e.g. `grafana.teleport.example.com`. You can also override `public_addr` e.g
`grafana.acme.com` if you configure the appropriate DNS entry to point to the
Teleport proxy server for self-hosted Teleport instances.

> <Admonition type="tip" title="Application Domain Names and TLS" scope="oss,enterprise" scopeOnly>

Reviewer: Looking at this now, I think the body of the "Application name" section, including this `Admonition`, should appear where we first instruct the user to name their application, i.e., where we include the `tctl tokens add` command. Otherwise, a user will have already generated a token for a potentially misnamed application. 

Instead of making this a separate section, I would include the first two paragraphs of the section below the code snippet in "Generate a token," with a transition sentence that a reader should follow these instructions when naming their application. We can then refer to this name later when starting the Application Service.

  public_addr: "jira.example.com"
```

The certificate for the public address must be installed in the proxy.

> <Admonition type="Note" title="Subdomains Only for Teleport Cloud">

Reviewer: We can scope this Admonition for Cloud users and remove "for Teleport Cloud" from the title. A cleaner alternative might be to wrap the whole "Customize public address" H3 section in a `ScopedBlock` so Cloud users don't see it.

Author: @ptgott put in scopedblock

Reviewer: 👍 In that case, I don't think we need this `Admonition`, since a user with the `cloud` scope won't see it.
